[TT-6075] Configurable x-ratelimit response headers (#2066)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: api-management/rate-limit.mdx

So for this example you would configure `rate` to 10 (requests) and `per` to 60 (seconds).

### Rate Limit Response Headers

When rate limiting is active, API clients expect to see `X-RateLimit-*` headers in the HTTP response to inform clients about their current limits. 

Historically, Tyk populated these headers (`X-RateLimit-Limit`, `X-RateLimit-Remaining`, `X-RateLimit-Reset`) with quota data rather than rate limit data.

From Tyk 5.13.0, you can control the behavior of these headers using the [`rate_limit_response_headers`](/tyk-oss-gateway/configuration#rate_limit_response_headers) configuration in your `tyk.conf` (or the equivalent environment variable):

- **`rate_limits`**: the headers are only generated if a rate limit is configured; they are populated with rate limit data.

> - **`quotas` or empty**: the headers are only generated if a quota is configured; they are populated with quota data (default, for backward compatibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`quotas`**: the headers are only generated if a quota is configured; they are populated with quota data.

If `rate_limit_response_headers` is not set, it defaults to `quotas` for backward compatibility.
```
